[Music]
Hey
today losers yo will they take a rosette
Brian Dundee yep yeah really I think you
saying really what do you mean done days
lost in the outback he is the only one
he talks about Mick like that definitely
that North might finish off nice how big
you mean this tool you ever seen a
humpback whale give birth to bloodbath
speak to me little guy well my dad told
me about this he was just like yeah I
just came up and you did this okay I
just don't think you can see you from
back here
I don't just on this newspaper son I in
this country and dundies gonna learn who
the most dangerous animal in Australia
is it's me whatever
[Music]
my mom's side of the family are all jazz
musicians so kind of comes naturally
[Music]
wah-wah
you